Minor fix for better readability (#24126)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/guides/glossary.md

    <td>An extension of Grafana that allows users to provide additional functionality to enhance their experience. The types of plugins currently supported are:
    <ul>
      <li><b>App plugin:</b> Extends Grafana with a customized experience. It includes a set of panel and data source plugins, as well as custom pages.</li>

>       <li><b>Data source plugin:</b> Extends Grafana with supports for additional data sources in Grafana.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li><b>Data source plugin:</b> Extends Grafana with support for additional data sources.</li>
```
